README.md, before:

>  **Note**: This branch (master) contains a skeleton without any app code, perfect for creating a _new_ application or challenge. If you're looking for an example app built with this skeleton, take a look at the [example](/../..//tree/example) branch which includes basic CRUD and RSpec tests.

### Purpose
The Sinatra Skeleton:

1. Provides a foundation for building challenges or creating a new Sinatra application.
2. Demonstrates a reasonable set of practices around building Sinatra applications.
3. Eases the transition to Rails for Dev Bootcamp students

### Quickstart

1.  `bundle install`
2.  `shotgun config.ru`

As needed, create models & migrations with the `rake` tasks:

```
rake generate:migration  # Create an empty migration in db/migrate, e.g., rake generate:migration NAME=create_tasks
rake generate:model      # Create an empty model in app/models, e.g., rake generate:model NAME=User
```

### Contributing

We would love for you to help make the skeleton more awesome, There are three ways to contribute:

1. Ask for a bug fix or enhancement!
2. Submit a pull request for a bug fix or enhancement!
3. Code review an open pull request!

Be prepared to give and receive specific, actionable, and kind feedback!

Commit message:

Update readme with basic app info

README.md, after:

# D&D Character Creator

**D&D Character Creator** is a handy character creation app based on the 5th Edition handbook of Dungeons & Dragons. It allows you to create multiple characters and keep track of their stat changes as they progress in their adventures.

An older version of this app is currently live on [Heroku](https://fathomless-forest-59120.herokuapp.com/). It is not yet optimized for mobile use.

## Basic Use

- Create a user account.
- At the user profile page, click the 'Create character' link.
- Fill out all required fields and click the 'Create' button.
- View a list of all of your characters on the user profile page.
- Click on a character's name to view their stats and other information.
- Use the arrow buttons next to each stat to update the character's information as you progress in your campaign.

## Tech Stack

 * Ruby
 * Sinatra
 * JQuery/AJAX
 * [D&D 5e API](http://www.dnd5eapi.co/)
 * Heroku

## Authors

This repository is maintained by [Brianna Forster](https://github.com/b-forster).

It was forked from an earlier [pair project](https://github.com/dmetas/passionProject/tree/577a5ed3824916a39baf2052295f81704718c4d5) with [Dylan Metas]](https://github.com/dmetas).

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please fork the repository and use a feature
branch. Pull requests are warmly welcome.
